Ah!
Who do you say is your father?
He's not your father
He is lying to you.
You have no right to say him
rhyme
You fooled them by saying these high-sounding things
Can't fool me
When you sold me to a fraudster
I almost died
And now you're going to kill my father?
Then I will never allow it.
It's really a good show of deception and cannibalism
These are the words he told you
It's all fake.
He is lying to you.
Don't listen to him
My good daughter
That's him!
We were separated as children
I almost never saw you again
Here's your chance.
I killed him.
I'm Sister Yun.
I am your mother
Don't you remember me?
What's the matter? Do you want to remember it in vain?
Get up and don't talk nonsense to him
He almost killed you
Give him a chance
Kill him for me kill him